Looks like this story's ending.
But I still haven't figured
out who you really are.
You'll have to keep investigating.
Hurry!
We can't keep the gate open long!
You have to leave immediately,
before there's a power failure!
Thank you for everything.
It was nice knowing you!
Bye-bye!
Chao chao!
Thank you all!
[Crying]
[Laughing]
It's been a blast!
Hm.
Goodbye, Cream. Amy. Tails.
I'll never forget you.
Take this before I change my mind.
When I saw that gem
in the jewelry store,
I had to get it for you.
It was a steal!
Hm.
See ya.
[Sobbing]
Soon we'll be back
in our own world.
Back home.
Heh.
Let's go.
Hm.
Okay.
Sonic...
Huh?
Say goodbye.
You know this is the right thing
to do for both our worlds.
You've got to do it.
Well, Sonic.
Chris.
This is it.
You're my best friend.
It's been cool.
I'm glad we met.
Why do you have to leave?
There must be another way
to solve this problem.
Bye, Sonic.
And good luck.
No!
Hm.
Please don't go!
[Struggling]
I can't let you leave!
[Gasp]
[All gasping]
[Long gasp]
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Sonic!
Huh!
[Grunt]
Woah!
[All gasping]
Chris!
[Panting]
Huh.
Sonic?
[Panting]
I hope that boy comes to his
senses before it's too late.
Huh?
Are they-?
We could not find them anywhere.
Huh.
We'll never find them
now, without help.
The police will have to set
up a large-scale search.
As you know, this is serious.
We have to find them quickly.
Yes.
We don't have much time
to cause Chaos Control
and send Sonic back.
Soon, the melding of our two worlds
will cause time to slow to a stop.
Chris...
[Crying]
What do we do now?
I dunno.
Well, we can't go back home.
We—
Hey Sonic, look!
Hey, Mom.
Somebody took my old bike.
Your father left it in the city.
He thought somebody could use it.
How far should we go, Sonic?
We can go as far as
you want to, Chris.
Okay.
[Panting]
We have to stop somewhere.
I usually just keep runnin'
'til I find some place I like.
The best trips are the
ones you don't plan.
Not knowing where you'll end
up is part of the adventure.
Ya know,
the world sure seems big
when you can go anyplace.
[Munching]
Are you sure there's no
place you want to go to?
[Chewing]
I think I've already gone
every place I want to go.
Right. I forgot how much
you like to travel.
You probably ran across
the whole planet already.
That's why I'm happy
to go wherever you say.
Okay.
Well, let's see.
The beach is definitely out.
The desert's too hot.
This is an SXN update.
Sonic the Hedgehog
has been abducted.
Authorities are looking for this
boy, Christopher Thorndyke,
the only son of corporate
tycoon Nelson Thorndyke
and actress Linsey Thorndyke,
who has issued this emotional plea.
Chris, darling.
[Sigh]
Your father and I are
worried about you!
[Crying]
Uh.
Please come home!
[Panting]
When you have famous parents,
you can't do anything without
the world finding out.
They must be pretty worried.
Oh, yeah?
How come—
they're not—
worried when— I
need them— to be?
Sonic doesn't seem worried either.
Maybe I should go back.
Hm?
[Panting]
[Sound of planes]
Hm?
Huh!
Those are my dad's!
Well, Chris, ya give up?
No.
Okay!
Then wait right here!
Huh? Aah!
[Tires screeching]
Oof.
Huh? Huh?
Hey, where'd it go?
Aah!
Can ya give us a lift?
Huh...
[Helicopters fly by]
Thanks again. Bye!
Bye!
Let's go.
[Birds chirping]
[Squirrel chattering]
[Laughing]
Huh!
Sonic, have you ever been
to this place before?
I might've run past it once.
It's pretty easy to forget.
You move so fast,
and you've been so many places.
Maybe you'll forget
about me someday, too.
I do forget.
But it'd be impossible
for me to forget you!
Huh. You mean it?
Of course I do!
How could I forget someone who's
gotten me into so much trouble?
[Chuckling]
[Laughing]
[Birds chirping]
Guess everybody's lookin' for us.
We won't be too easy to find.
It's a big planet.
Yeah. We could hide
out for a long time.
They might stop lookin' for us.
Even... my family.
Let's go!
Huh.
[Grunting]
[Grunting with effort]
Huh?
Hm.
[Grunting]
Oof!
[Panting]
Huh?
[Panting with effort]
Chris!
Ah!
Here, lemme give you a hand.
[Groaning]
I don't need a hand!
I can do it myself!
Come on!
[Panting with more effort]
Huh?
[Gasp]
Oh!
I've never been here before!
How'd you know about this place?
I don't understand what's
taking you so long.
Do you have all our
choppers searching?
Well, then buy some more!
Call up the Air Force!
Rent some of their planes, too!
Put the business on hold!
I want the entire company working
on this 24/7 until Chris is found!
I don't care how much it costs!
I just want my son found, now!
Nelson, let's broadcast a message
that Chris can have whatever
he wants if he comes home!
Call the toy store and tell
them to send one of everything.
Hey! I have a better idea!
Let's buy Chris his own toy store!
I hope this works!
I want Chris back. [Crying]
What do you think you're doing?!
[Gasp]
Put that phone down.
Do it!
Huh?
You're making a big mistake, son.
You can't rely on your corporate
empire to bring your son home,
because that's part of
what's driving him away!
You won't convince Chris to return
until you understand the reason
why he left in the first place!
Now, why do you
think Chris ran off?
Was it only because of Sonic?
Or was Chris afraid that
when his friend left,
he'd be all alone again,
like he was before?
Huh?
You won't get Chris back
unless you prove you want
to be together as a family.
But how?
What should we do?
We'll do anything to find him.
Well, you don't have to
use fleets of helicopters,
or bribe him with toys on TV.
Chris wants to be found.
Not by government forces,
or by your employees.
But by his mother and father.
My guess is that Chris is
someplace where he knows
you can find him.
Go there, before it's too late.
[Gasp]
Oh, Chris.
[Sobbing]
You know this place?
Yeah.
I used to come here every
summer with my mom and dad.
When I was a little kid.
[Struggling]
It's no use.
One year, we just stopped coming.
They kept saying we'd come
back the next summer,
but they were always too busy.
[Grunting]
Huh?
Heh. Looks like the chain broke.
Heh...
Hey, Sonic!
Huh?
I collected some firewood!
Aah! Ah!
Aah! Oof.
You okay, Chris?
I'm fine.
Want some help?
No, thanks.
Huh?
I can do it myself.
Okay.
Sonic's probably mad that I
stopped him from going home.
I wonder why he came with me.
[Fire crackling]
Sonic?
Huh?
You haven't said anything about
how I kept you from going home.
I was waiting to hear what
you had to say.
Sonic...
Why did you come with me?
Are you gonna stay?
That's up to you.
Uh... Uh...
So if I say I don't want
you to go back home,
will you... stay here
with me... forever?
I'll do whatever you tell me to do.
[Gasp]
You saved me when I first
came to this world.
Mm.
So that's it!
You've been acting like
my friend all this time
'cause you thought you owed me!
That's not true.
You felt like you had
to be my friend
'cause I pulled you
out of that pool.
Huh?
A-a pool?
Heh heh. Uh... oh!
Aiyaiyaiyai!
See ya!
[Muffled sound]
[Mumbling]
Hm.
Hm?
Hm. Hm?
[Grunting]
[Struggling]
[Exasperated mumbling]
Ooh!
Oh!
And you paid me back by
pretending to be my friend.
No, Chris.
Ya know that I really
am your friend!
You are?
If you need me to stay here
with you, then I will.
You just have to decide.
It's up to you.
I can go home.
Or stay.
The decision is yours.
Well... I'm not sure.
I'd be happier if you
stayed in this world.
If time does stop, we
could stay here forever.
Our friendship would
never have to end.
But Sonic...
Don't stay here if it's
gonna make you unhappy.
Ah.
Don't worry about me.
As long as there's
somewhere to run—
I'll be happy!
I really wouldn't mind
stayin' here with ya.
Honest!
But... You can't stay here, Sonic.
It wouldn't be right, would it?
I can't let time stop
just 'cause I don't wanna
lose your friendship.
It was wrong of me to try
to keep you in this world.
It's just—
I wasn't ready to say goodbye yet.
You've always been there
for me when I needed you.
But in the end, I let you down.
I'm sorry.
I was just selfish.
[Grunt]
Please forgive me.
[Crying]
Hey, no tears.
When you're gone,
I'll be alone again.
Like I was before you came.
Ever since I was little,
I've been waiting for a
friend like you, Sonic.
It's just so hard to say goodbye.
Maybe this isn't goodbye!
Maybe our worlds were meant
to come together somehow!
If that's true,
then we will see each other again.
Someday.
In the meantime,
whenever we miss each other,
we can look at the moon.
It looks the same from
both worlds, ya know.
[Both panting]
Chris was so happy when
we came here years ago.
He's here. I'm sure!
I bet Chris is waiting for us!
And we'll have a chance to
make everything up to him now!
[Both panting]
Huh?
Hm?
[Gasp]
Chris!